feat(github-actions): support GitHub actions runners (#23633)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/manager/github-actions/readme.md

  "extends": ["helpers:pinGitHubActionDigests"]
}
```

GitHub runners which are configured in variables are not considered by Renovate.

> E.g. the following runner configured in the `RUNNER` variable won't be considered for updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, Renovate ignores the runner configured in the `RUNNER` variable:
```

```yaml
name: build
on: [push]

env:
  RUNNER: ubuntu-20.04

jobs:
  build:

>     runs-on: ${{ env.RUNNER }}

Reviewer 2: I see no test for this case
